CI/CD documentation for enforcing rules (#865)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-30-ci-cd.md

| [`main integration tests / Wait for image build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/65822779cbf899909088820ab009450e579199f8/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L34)                 | Waits for the operator's image build to finish so that image-dependent jobs can be executed.                                                      |
| [`main integration tests / Istio upgrade integration tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/65822779cbf899909088820ab009450e579199f8/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L46)      | Executes the upgrade integration test suite of Istio Module and verifies if the existing release can be successfully upgraded to the new version. |
| [`main integration tests / Slack Notification`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/65822779cbf899909088820ab009450e579199f8/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L193)                  | Sends a Slack notification to the team's channel if any pipelines fail on the main branch.                                                        |

> ## Pipelines Running on Pull Requests to Release Branches

Reviewer: What about the PR to release branch jobs?
They should be the same as the pull requests to main branch, right? 
Can we remove this section and update the header of the section `Pipelines Running on Pull Requests to the Main Branch` to `Pipelines Running on Pull Requests to the Main Branch and Release branches`?

# CI/CD
The Istio module contains several pipelines that run on pull requests, on the main branch, on the release branch, and periodically. They perform various tasks such as running a linter, executing unit tests with code coverage, generating artifacts for development and production purposes, and running integration tests. The integration tests ensure the functional correctness of Kyma Istio Operator and verify if upgrading to the new version of Kyma Istio Operator is possible.

> ## Enforcing that the required actions always run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Enforcing that the Required Actions Always Run
```

> To ensure that the required actions always run, the Istio module uses GitHub ruleset.
> This enforces all jobs that check whether a particular workflow should start to always run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that the required actions always run, the Istio module uses a GitHub ruleset. This enforces the execution of all jobs that determine whether a particular workflow should start.
```

> By default, Github Actions that don't run because of reasons other than skipping them in the `if` statement will have `Pending` status, and will not show up as a check in the Pull Request. The ruleset safeguard ensures that when it happens (for example because an external action is not allowed to run), the PR will not be able to be merged as it requires the check to run (either have status `Skipped` or `Success`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, GitHub Actions that don't run because of reasons other than being skipped in the `if` statement have the `Pending` status and do not appear as a check in a PR. The ruleset acts as a safeguard to prevent situations when, for example, an external action is not allowed to run. In such cases, the ruleset ensures that the PR cannot be merged unless the check is executed and has a status of either `Skipped` or `Success`.
```
